George: Alright great.
George: I'm being confused because they gave me really ugly speech earlier about 5 min.
George: It's too sharp. Go ahead and share your side.
George: Well.
George: Hello.
George: you know. Do you have a preface?
George: The other one or the other one? Do you have a preface for this one?
George: Something I was thinking about from the fundraising this morning, but I can't remember it right now.
George: Guess we're just gonna have to do a live.
George: If I think of it, I'll interject at some appropriate moment. Okay.
George: what do you mean? It's like fun. Fact. Neil's actually in the studio.
George: Oh, man.
George: alright, we're gonna talk about how you guys spend money for individuals. This one's gonna be a bit more active, particularly at the beginning.
George: basic idea, you're spending money that's not yours other than paying yourself.
George: You need to cut down on that as much as physically possible.
George: So
George: good for us, we can get tactical around it. We're gonna do a little exercise. It's called screws me duck
George: where we are. Gonna review. So Ceos.
George: should we take 5 to gather as a team and conduct the exercise.
George: Yeah, I'm gonna have you guys pull up your company bank accounts. Just so just huddle it together. I want you to look at your last expenses, and I want you to grade them on a scale of one to 5
George: in real honest.
George: So one is that the return on the investment is going to net you $0 over the course of next year. The next is, it will return
George: less than that over the course of the next year it'll pay for itself
George: in the next year. It'll make you 10 grand, or it will make you 100 grand. The 2 is that it will return less than one X, but more than 0.
George: So we're gonna go over everybody's school. We're gonna go around the room right afterwards and see where people are at. We're gonna take like.
George: let's take 10. How long? 5, or 10 we're gonna I'll check in at 5 min. We'll see where people are at. Try to move through it expeditiously. I'll put all toss back this back on.
George: They did the nice thing of having me go through this exercise right before this meeting, and we scored a 4. On average, this is less effective than merge business merge scores of 4 and a half on on this exercise the goal is, of course, to move as far up as you possibly can. But be honest with yourself. So I'm going to toss this up. Huddle with your team for 5 min.
George: See where you're at
George: your last 10 transactions and don't customize it. Don't go. Oh, well, that doesn't count. I'm literal. Stop stop playing. I'm not playing. We're not playing games with you. Transactions
George: a centric.
George: Be honest with yourselves.
George: Don't lie to yourself. I'm not lying, but these are old. Is it the last 10 transactions, or the last 10 transactions?
George: I don't know.
George: No, no, there's no what, if nothing. That's it. I mean, they're trying to basically pick and choose a 1.
George: No, no, they will return $0 in the next. Don't get fancy. Look at the truth, look at the truth. It's up to you to be honest.
George: it's not a negotiation telling you what to do.
George: How do we scale like paying for a contract? It's literally literal.
George: It was amazing. That was exactly what I want.
George: I think you set the right expectation.
George: You don't need that.
George: Yeah, sure.
George: we're trying to make a point here. We're just giving you a quick example.
George: Don't overthink it. Okay, it's also not a company. You don't even have to share. Your story
George: is that your last 10.
George: It's up to you to be honest with yourself.
George: But this is not
George: a competition.
George: Yeah, with 2 min left.
George: 2 min. I feel like they can argue their way out of reality.
George: That's the idea.
George: Alright, guys, 30 seconds. Wrap it up. Are you done?
George: Don't have to spend any more money.
George: Let's give Jake the attention. Alright.
George: alright, everybody! I'm I'm not gonna push you guys on like where you net out, or what ultimately ends up happening
George: as it relates to
George: where this score is. This is a personal exercise. I think that the 3, rd you are being on boarded. You're kind of learning like what the stakes are. This is the point in the program where that changes. You're not doing it for the score. You're not doing it for the programming team. You're doing it for yourself and your own business.
George: You guys need to put yourself on the decision to succeed. It doesn't matter what anybody else thinks to you doesn't matter what game, Duke, that out amongst yourself I don't care it's not for us to assess you, but it was interesting to observe the questions you had things you struggled trying to. Let's talk about it.
George: Did you know
George: that living in one of you're living in one of the greatest food cities in the entire world. Not only that, but the advent of fast casual
George: around the corner can get you a salad in under 5 min. Not only that. But cooking for yourself is 3 to 5 times cheaper than making than ordering in. And there's an app that helps you. So there are.
George: We talk in functions of time. It's gonna be very easy to convince yourself that what you're doing right now is spending money that's gonna help you return. But is it actually, what stage are you at?
George: It's an important question.
George: Also, like you talk about like balance. And this is where it's really really difficult. But the reality is like, if you're working your butt off and you need a break, how can you bring presence and disconnect, and walk to get them?
George: Walk back, walk to a meeting
George: like these are things that like
George: it. It depends how you approach and how you value time.
George: There's gonna be like a million of these things that you can justify, you will always have an excuse power of the human mind to convince itself. It's right, is a magical thing. But just
George: do this exercise. Be honest with yourselves. How many of you all know
George: what it's like, or have in your like your own like lived experience, been under the poverty
George: who's lived under the poverty line?
George: Some people do you mean, like, based on the country that you're living in like? What's the yes? Well.
George: is your hand up or down? Okay. So what I'm saying is is, there's a degree of frugality. I'm not saying, go back to that and do it.
George: What what I'm saying is is
George: like, you're at an early stage of your business, where you're trying to like in every which way give yourself the best chance to succeed.
George: and one of the biggest unfortunate mistakes I see lots of founders make when they get the tech stars money is, they think that there is. What's happening next is, there's nothing but more money coming.
George: So all of a sudden I could treat myself all of a sudden I can splurge all of a sudden, I can. Okay, like, Oh, this makes sense. I can justify this like. And then all of a sudden, the money's gone.
George: What did I spend it on? What did I invest in? What did I prioritize? How serious was I about these things?
George: Those amenities come over time, and some are justifiable. Now don't get me wrong.
George: but we needed you to look at yourself and your situation, to be honest with yourself about how you are investing your entity and your dollars.
George: The money goes out. Gonna hide what your problems are.
George: And so this is, I mean.
George: Neil is hitting on this more effectively than possible. But this is a pattern. You raise money, you have resources in the bank, you start wasting money, start slowly, you start talking to yourself more and more. It accelerates. You say now that we're funded, you can finally invest in X and Y and Z. The money gun turns on, and then
George: you just start telling yourself excuses overall. Oh, well, we're working hard right now. So like, I'm just gonna rip the Doordash order tonight because it is the most important thing to just keep on going on what you're doing.
George: falling victim to this so like you have. Oh, tutor.
George: this is this is the reality is like you start and like you're like, Damn! There are a lot of people that are talking to us, and there are a lot there could be a lot of money being left on the table, or a lot in terms of like how I am responding to people. Somebody comes along, they say, if you pay us $85 a month. Real number we will do. We will take care of this all for
George: our idea is like for generic. So like we can essentially start sending out discount. Oh, but you gotta work within that. So it's like, okay, naturally, you can actually map onto that spectrum really, really, easily. If you return me $85 a month, you're returning me a net, even if you return me more than that, like I literally custom links. And we're just like, see who's paying for a product. Then you're returning me less than that
George: or sorry. Then you're doing slightly better. But what ends up happening, then also is like, you can take this to level 2 on one, and it's a function of time. Now, all of a sudden my Guy is managing the person who is responding on socials. And it's like, Okay, we're also losing that amount of money
George: for that amount of time. For what net return. Like we. It is true, like you dial this up, and you can get like 2, 3 x. So you're telling me that you can get $150 period like whatever 160 to 2, $48 a month. When the reality was when you were posting online and taking the time there we were generating way more.
George: And so it's like everything is going to be a cost benefit, and the money will go. It just will. So then you'll raise money again.
George: And then what can you go back to the one through 5? Because, rather than like calling on people and letting them do stuff. I just want them to be honest with themselves by hearing from people. So we do this with Merck. So some things that people have read out and asked, and Mer will give an answer. I'll let you give an answer. Maybe they just bought we just opened a swag store for tech search. So they just bought text T-shirts for the whole
George: company. What number is that I don't want? I don't know. Like what. Okay? Next, they have. Yeah. Doordash uber eats.
George: There we go. I'm is there anything else that's common that people ask?
George: Can we can also talk about this because I don't know what your expectation is for what people are.
George: We're we're a food company, and I pay for my own groceries out of my bank account. My my chef. Who is Alpha tested. Every recipe we've ever done does so out of our own salary.
George: So like, I don't know cause you guys are scrappy, and it's not gonna make. So how do you go about making that decision?
George: Because the case wow, you raised 1.6 million dollars like, don't we have the money to do these things. What are you talking about like? Why would you make us do that?
George: Yeah.
George: I cannot wait for the day that your financial models
George: are good enough to predict what happens in the next month
George: is when that happens.
George: You know what happens in a year and a half.
George: and all of a sudden 1.6 million dollars doesn't seem so big anymore.
George: It's
George: not
George: the. There's no way to reverse the trajectory. There's no way to slow the cargo ship
George: that the freight that has set sail.
George: or at least it's very difficult and very, very painful.
George: Can I just specify like that's why, Dollar
George: and I was like, all right, we could call this stuff. So I actually did that by the
George: started hiring all these like really high end game designers and salary. And then, after I started running kind of money I was like, oh, I could raise money easily, and it was not easy. All right
George: internalize that. It's not like, oh, that's crazy. That's some crazy shit. 50 KI won't be doing that. Yeah, that would never be me. No, that's you it will, because it is again the power of the mind to convince itself. It's right. We're talking about again, indexing on where your behavior is more likely to lie. Assume that you are going to be doing the cognitive dissonance thing.
George: Don't assume that you're gonna be better than that. If you're doing it, you probably are doing the cognitive distance.
George: Yup. So one example is, if you looked at your transactions and you, Cherry, picked.
George: you would do your transactions. You're like. Oh, well, this doesn't count. That doesn't count. Oh, but this one does count what Fabio but so I'm observing this mindset, and I I love it because nobody told me how to spend the money. I got my, the money I got from my business. It's pretty
George: pretty crazy. But like today, we're is almost 1 million, and that was not smart money. That was money from people that wanted like to have sort of like a branch of a venture somewhere here because they're not able to come here. So they kind of invested in me division and everything that was flattering. But that was not good.
George: and they didn't teach me how to span.
George: And one thing that I realized, you know, over the course of these 3 years is that
George: you are like the money you have that you
George: you fundraise.
George: Well, 1st of all, it's not yours, and is not the company's that's still your investors. Money. You have to make sure that you. You have this in mind. You have, like a return structure in mind every time you spend, and the second thing is like you are as a founder.
George: the only one who knows how to spend the money best, and and you can trick yourself into thinking
George: that someone can can tell you how to spend, but, like you are really every every small purchase, every door dash, every swap, or you know marketing or hiring someone you. You know what's the return? Where it goes there?
George: And I gotta say for myself,
George: So it's delicate, because there's always the earlier of like, you know, raising more spending, more.
George: Where can I save money? Where can it be, scrubby? And where can I be like, you know? For myself, you know I came here alone. I left my whole family and my whole culture
George: culture. I didn't have like
George: health insurance. I didn't have like. I changed everything completely, and I found myself in a position where I needed some comfort. My comfort, I mean, like, you know, having good food, maybe not like
George: Mac and cheese every day. I I find myself in the position where I had like ibs, like, you know, like I don't want to get into that. But like, what do you mean by good food.
George: like not not super crazy food, but like, you know, if I'm if I'm working late and I see that like I have something that done. I don't want to get like a burger every day. I might want to prep on Sunday
George: most of most of the time on Sunday. I'm just, you know.
George: having fun, just like unwinding. So when I get the chance, yeah, yeah, it's I totally get it. It's just like. I see it's very delicate, and it's very subtle, and as much as I try to save, and I try to do that.
George: I position where, if I don't save. I feel worse, and I've been worse. I've been like I had this medical condition for my stomach, and it just doesn't work because I feel worse overall. So I have to work myself into that mindset. But yeah, I totally see.
George: how many nights a week do you eat out?
George: I'm sorry. How many nights a week do you eat out?
George: Well, at this point, like 5 out of 7.
George: And yeah, it's a lot. Usually when I'm when it's not like.
George: be like 3 out of 7.
George: I'm making a point. Yeah, I totally see that right? And I think that it's like important again.
George: compensating yourself for your work. That is fairly with regard to the value of the equity, the future value of the equity as well. That's not to say that you know
George: but doing that
George: have health insurance
George: like that's not
George: well, the that- that is not
George: but what the purpose of this is is to evaluate with an honest eye what the trade-offs are to the decisions that are being made.
George: That's it. So how can we remain honest?
George: I think that's the question. Defeat the covid virus. Like we are very. We have very different opinions on a lot of stuff, but money is one of them, like, we're usually very on the same page about the money, like we haven't had a salary in 2 and a half years. We're very on the same page, but sometimes, like I'm not sure now that I'm hearing you.
George: I'm not sure if we are in cognitive dissonance, and if we're making a good trade off, based on what he's saying.
George: Yeah, start with your co-founders. There should be. This is where we talk about directly responsible individuals who this is a really good example of the Aor conversation I was having yesterday. Where it's like that's great. But somebody is more responsible for this than the other people.
George: I know who that person is, you know, like, you guys can figure out whoever it is. The buck needs to stop at that person. He tells this person. He tells this person, he tells this person, he tells me
George: the follow up then is also
George: you sold 6% of your company to these guys. That's only these guys.
George: you're not surrounded and inundated in resources and gut checks. Should you choose to take advantage of it?
George: Hey? We were having this. We were having this conversation. I guarantee you he will not hesitate to answer. Man is just a Boxer legend.
George: Yeah, that that would be nice.
George: How did you go about putting together your expense policy for your company.
George: I don't. What do you do? You have an expense policy?
George: No. So how do you communicate to your team what they can spend money on, and what they can't spend money on company money.
George: There are 3 members of my team who
George: spend money. Of the 6 of us.
George: There's 3 people who don't spend any money, any obsessed money. There are 3 people that don't spend any obsessed money.
George: Those 3, the 3 people who are authorized to spend are myself my CTO. And my head of marketing.
George: It is the responsibility of my CTO. And my head of marketing justify that their spend is
George: both deliberate, scalable, and the most efficient use of capital. It has to be able to be
George: up to standards. If any of you were to be able to talk to them. If not, that's a failure.
George: We failed on the marketing front. We have not failed on the tech.
George: My! My CEO is a decade older than me, with a lot of experience in industry. He is very deliberate in how we spend our money on.
George: and how do they communicate that to you?
George: We at this point?
George: Curious? Yeah, we don't know the answer. Yes, don't spend
George: that that often new things.
George: Silicon valley gotta hang up on recurring like recurring purchases, and then we'll have the conversation. So one that we're having right now and then just be deliberate about it is a website that for us helps us customize push notification campaigns, email, those phone phone text conversations.
George: that was a 10 x service. It impacts every single customer exists who we engage with in a measurable way. I can see the impact of those campaigns. I can my CTO, and then this is where, like Savannah, who's not authorizing the spend. But she's on the team is showing us that we're getting more effective and deliberately using this technology. And it's interacting with customers who are far more revenue
George: than what the actual spend of this website is. Not only that we churn from the last one that we were using because it wasn't effective tracking. It wasn't. We weren't able to like. Capabilities were limited to the point where it wasn't justifiable that we would be able. We were willing to shut down notifications or emailing and our phone text conversations because it wasn't. We weren't able to say definitively that we were getting in touch with people in a meaningful way.
George: So when Savannah wants to spend money on something, your your chief product officer.
George: how does she go about doing that. If she's not authorized, what money on that she doesn't spend. So she checks in with you with something that she thinks we should invest in, and then you decide what that's right, that's right. And the answer is, it's, I mean, very like again, this one site?
George: The answer. And if it came to a yes.
George: but
George: the answer is almost always no
George: and it's not like
George: we have this note
George: at the top of
George: let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Go pull it up. I love it when you pull up real stuff. I think that you all like that right?
George: Zoom in here.
George: It's in front of you all long.
George: At the top of the hour breakdown reads, not. All opinions are created equal. We build with respect, but not through consensus. The buck stops at the directly responsible individual.
George: So
George: ultimately somebody can come to a situation. But it is my job to authorize spends. Now you have large spends over $500. Here. The reality is again that we just don't
George: there. There's not really a justifiable spend
George: under that other than these engineering costs, which armor will green light. And the purpose again is that it's scalable. And even so we'll talk about it.
George: I get a text message every single time my company spends a dollar.
George: I did the exact same thing, did you? Yes, and I checked my bank account every single day. I got an email every single day. I check my transactions every single day.
George: Clockwork?
George: Oh.
George: yeah.
George: did you
George: talk through when you got what things were you willing to spend money.
George: No, but like for you, like, what was the line between, like? Okay, if I just sit alone, I'm working on this. I don't need to pay this monthly subscription for this tool versus. I just need to pay for this. Now
George: in tax service.
George: Are you guys familiar with amplitude? Is that specific to us. We pay for amplitude.
George: That's it. That's the market.
George: Okay? Yeah.
George: I have so many companies.
George: I have so many companies that have said, I never touched the tech start.
George: That's
George: cool.
George: So if you got the tech stars money, just start spending it on things you already got something to work
George: right. It's also like, where can I spend? What are our capabilities? Where is this holding me back? Right?
George: I
George: Iterative speed is extremely important, particularly in consumer subscription. I would argue, if you have fewer people using your product probably matters less to have we- we don't pay for anything unless you have. Session
George: doesn't matter like, it's noise like that at some point. This is where, like.
George: I'm highly, I recognize that a lot of people spend time measuring and using data to reinforce opinions that they already have.
George: And so I
George: we don't have that luxury.
George: What's your go to? And this question to both you and Neil? Because I really want to see the differing opinions on this, if there are any, but like, what's your policy on salary like? How do you decide on the salary for yourself as a founder is, I think, more interesting. And then the
George: the workers are fairly simple, I think, because the market sort of adjusts for that. But, like, how about yourself? I'll give you the quick answer, and Jake will give a more nuanced one. My quick answer is really easy. It's in my financial model
George: very easily, unlock salary tranches, salary initially, and salary tranches in the financial model. But how do you decide on? You know how much you start with how much you will add up onto that like basic basic needs, you get met. Yep. And then you work your way up to what you think is a fair market like rate, and then eventually the goal is for everyone to be comfortable.
George: But you. You design that, based on what the company can afford, and what is important for the role, because there's a bus back
George: or lottery factor. If anybody knows what I'm referring to, what that means is
George: Most people's financial models are locks.
George: because people will say we're profitable. And then I'll ask.
George: Are you paying yourselves? And they'll go? No. So I'm like. So it's a lot
George: because you have to build into your model
George: fair pay for everybody on the team, because if something happens to you, hit by a bus in the lottery, either one. Don't be too morbid.
George: That person leaves.
George: Now you need to replace them. You need to hire someone else to do that job. Do you have the resources required to pay someone to do that job
George: that needs to be built into your model over time? Not now, but over time. You need to show that you're anticipating the need for that expense to be real.
George: So I do a delicate kind of analysis of the company needing to make sacrifices early on of what we can't afford to pay people, because eventually we know we will pay people well and fairly, but we have to unlock it. Based on certain milestones that we hit through our earnings. Basic needs are like, I can eat. I can. I have somewhere to sleep. And I can function day to day with the you know, the
George: the things that afford me to live.
George: But you go ahead. That's my answer. From a long time ago.
George: It's entirely right. So that's like I. This is a yes, and but I I can
George: have started the answer, and it would have sounded exactly the same, and that's not necessarily even one that you've been into me. That's just. I think. Naturally, the conclusion that you need to come to is
George: there needs to be an a case for being able to pay that salary in the financial model. It doesn't exist. Then there's not really. There's no data.
George: and it's only the best test. This isn't a shoot from the hip like, figure it out, feel it out. Type of thing. This is an actual mathematical thing that you should be doing now. The lottery is an interesting one side. It's like, if you win the lottery. How much are you investing in this business. How much are you? I'm gone.
George: You'd be back in a minute back in a minute.
George: What have you been up to? Yeah. Well, I'm teaching a bit. Yeah. Run it through the run it through the financial model.
George: Once you do that, I put together a a bit of a calculator.
George: As well to basically say like.
George: this is essentially how much we are paying ourselves. And this is how much equity we're granting ourselves. If you price that equity up per share at a. This is how much that the salary currently is worth, and so essentially it should price in the future value of the company based on how much you're currently paying yourself and what your equity spend is. I would call this close to critical. If you're
George: considering bringing on a full time employee who's going to be compensated in equity and for yourself when you're trying to do side on salary
George: again, I think that for a founder salary. Honestly.
George: before you even get here, you're gonna have to go to that model. But outside of that, yeah, you're going to go here. And basically like, yeah, this is the upside. This is the upside case for what we're talking about. Here's the annual amount of equity based on a price per share. And this is like where we're currently you need to be able to communicate this to make a compelling case in early stage hire that your company is going to this is. And it's really exciting for them to value that early stage option. Yeah.
George: I'm sure there's questions about this. Just let them process it for a second. Yeah, I guess where I think one of the things I struggle with is like calculating those equity numbers like what what that actually means like like on account Google find. But like, yeah, what they actually translated to.
George: are there templates like this that help you kind of
George: work work some of these numbers out.
George: or do you just gotta dive in and do the research? I don't know if I understand the question
George: I'm saying, how do you? How did you figure out how to calculate this?
George: I will say, one of your financial yeah, just to be clear, one of your eirs is adept at this, and his name is David Wilburne. Okay, so that's 1 example. But I'm curious for your answer on how you did this math.
George: Ben, I don't know what? What element of the math we're talking about? Has this been blank? And it started somewhere? Or when did you? When did you make this? Alex? This was for my 1st actual, my 1st hire.
George: Right? So I was sitting down. Senior engineer. Here we go. Now we're getting there. Senior engineer at Grow club and it's like, all right, you're making $210,000 a year.
George: I'll pay $210,000 a year right now. But in equity there's a balance. So it's like so. And just to be clear. This, you know, Troy taught me this a long time ago. It's so helpful.
George: There's like, dials.
George: there's salary, and there's equity right? Some people value cash. Some people value equity. Some people want a hybrid, right? So I can't afford to pay you all in cash. My business doesn't have it.
George: So I'm gonna have to balance that with options.
George: And I have to figure out how to value those options in a way that's fair to you.
George: So all of a sudden, now you have to have this justified kind of math to go. These options are worth X amount over time. If we succeed, you're gonna have to believe that we succeed. But if you do over time, not only will I hopefully over as we succeed, we'll pay you cash and fair market salary.
George: But for now you're incentivized with these options as well. Yep, I guess on investing schedule. This is also not
George: As I, as I look at the numbers, think I sent to my friend. Sure, sure, who's doing something different just to.
George: But but the point is is that like, if you had this hire you wanted to make.
George: Okay? So it's called a
George: a safe harbor. Basically, when you're selling options in your company there, you need, ultimately, when your company is going to be worth a billion dollars tax man comment. And he's gonna say you undervalued the company early on to give yourself as much equity, as much value as possible. And so you actually owe a fuck ton of backpacks. Yep. So what's happened is.
George: they say, if you had a neutral 3rd party a 4 0. 9, a evaluation is the name of the thing, but it's a safe harbor. If you have somebody who's neutral.
George: come in and put a value on your company in the present moment. You only need to do this when you're making significant hires or handing out significant amounts of equity. You are okay, like, you need to prove it to us. Now, obviously, this is going to create a race to the bottom there, because you have a bunch of accounting firms, and the way you will hire that accounting firm, lowest possible valuation on your company.
George: And so how can I justifiably say, like I'm neutral? They asked me to do a 4, 9, a lowest possible valuation on the company, but it was a reasonable valuation from mutual 3rd party.
George: That's this. The importance with this is because I'm compensating people in options.
George: And so there's gonna be a strike price which is gonna come from there. And there the difference is gonna how much they have to pay in order to get their options realized later. That's right. This is a price of series, a per share.
George: I
George: this is gonna be
George: if you divide 0 by 0 0 1. See, it's a secret.
George: This is what the leverage for the options is actually gonna end up being. And this is how many outstanding shares there are left in in the company right now, this is all like this one was the actual value.
George: this like weird, crazy number that have been exercised. But Caveat, with all of this because we're we're getting into the weeds about equity calculations and stuff like that. This is all champagne, math and problems.
George: I want to be clear. You got to earn the right to obsess over stuff like this, because I know how curious everyone is about how this works and what this means, and all that. But like this isn't an anticipatory problem. This is up by like a certain amount window of time where I can convince this person at a competing brand that's extremely successful to come over and join my company. How do I do that? Yeah, right? In a way that actually positions me in strength.
George: It's like I'm gonna sit down with this guy and I have answers to. If you ask me a plus questions as it relates to startups, which is no exposure to. And I'm gonna answer these questions. Like, I, I'm not gonna basically sit there and be in a position of strength. It's like crazy.
George: This is not. I took this back and noodled on it in my room like for shit, because that's not what I should be doing with my time.
George: This is how much cash he wants. This is how much equity he's going to get over the course of 2 years. Yellow are things that you can change and everything model right? And then this is how many shares I want to grant per year. Cliffs invest.
George: Yeah.
George: okay, this is gonna be the estimate cash value of the share that's gonna be based on occurring.
George: I
George: the the strike price right? And then this is how much that annual contract ends up being out to right? So it's going to be this value, the value of those shares plus
George: So then, what you're gonna get down here. Essentially, this is this is how I work. I I work in optionality. Because
George: contrast creates value. So basically, it's like Yo, this is my proposal. It's how you get this amount of compensation that you're going to want that said you have different needs than I have. If you want 70% of the equity that I'm offering. This is going to be the impact. You can also calculate using that the impact that that's going to have on the ultimate value of your time at the company. If you want 120% fuck, I don't need cash right now. I'm going to eat ramen, too.
George: Then, like you can scale that, your equity up. And and I said like reasonable balance, what I'm comfortable for for the company. And I'm just like, here's a sliding scale. Take whatever you want. Take this, and we can play with it actively together, and you can go back and talk to your wife if you're hiring something. But it's like
George: basically figuring that out all right. Now, like, let's say that the company continues on down its path. Here we are at Series B, the value of your salary right now is actually significantly higher than it was even at that series. A. And then you're gonna kind of.
George: for example.
George: Great
George: that? Yeah. So
George: oh, you know. Oh.
George: make sure that you make sure that you can pay yourself. Make sure that you cover those bases that's going to come from the financial market right? For like, 15 min. Yeah, yeah, I hope that that's like, effective, I guess. Like what I'm trying to say is like.
George: work with the best possible information that you have available to you doesn't mean that you have to guess. You can ask questions. You can ask people around, you think might have systems in place. It doesn't mean you have to invent everything out of 0. But also at the same time, it's like.
George: ultimately, it's gonna be a guess. Ultimately, I'm gonna end up sitting down and being like
George: this is what I can tell you. I think your salary is going to be worth right now. This is what I can tell you. I think you're able to make. Now, you're gonna like, have a waterline budget, like everyone has a waterline budget where it's like I can live below or above this amount, and it's like, don't live below your water like, I don't think that that's what the argument is. I remember having calls with you where I had to convince you to pay yourself and your team.
George: Yeah, remember. Yes, yeah. I remember, that was previous. Yeah. So that was like, I don't feel comfortable putting us out of business again. Like to push. Yeah. But we came up with parameters around the boundaries for your runway. And what was justifiable. And I think I convinced you start paying yourself a little bit.
George: You did. Yeah, that took a few months. But you were really sensitive about it. He was really cagey about it. He was like, I don't want to start this train of doing this in a way that's gonna set me up so that I run out of cash too fast. Yeah, this is also like something for Ceos, as it relates to managing expectations
George: because things can get worse really quickly.
George: Have you ever hired a legal like a law firm? Or, yeah, if it's so, at what point?
George: Yes, because they're very expensive. Yeah, I I happen to have a really
George: great startup attorney from Chicago. His dad worked with my business my 1st business.
George: He has been extremely generous with us with his time. There were,
George: some issues
George: that
George: I think that like for the early stage it was a very good deal. Nothing is irreconcilable. Nothing is like software bills. I didn't spend that much money on it, but the reality is, I will probably have to level up who I'm paying even
George: just in terms of deal flow just like real estate renewal system.
George: I will say a couple of things on that front.
George: One is, you need to find the lawyers
George: who
George: have experience working with startups
George: who value the long term relationship, meaning like it doesn't mean a lot to them now to charge you a lot of money, but if you succeed.
George: it will mean a lot to them to have had that relationship and to continue be of service to you.
George: So they're they're counting on you succeeding. And they're banking on that. And they're less about leasing you early on well, one last thing.
George: Who would be shocked
George: at how much time you can save
George: by doing your due diligence on the legal front beforehand, and not considering the legal matters, things that you're not qualified to understand.
George: I know a lot about Google stuff.
George: and I'm not a lawyer, but
George: I've saved so much money, because when I go to a lawyer I know exactly what I want from them, because I've done my homework
George: bicycle.
George: Yes, like the doctor. Yeah. Same thing with the doctor. I walk into the doctor, and I know what's up. I let them tell me what's up. But I'm like, Yeah, I knew that.
George: So it's it's it's that's the level of like diligence you have to apply early on, because the legal money hole is so bad
George: and it gets it can go. It can get crazy real quick. Well, the wrong ones, too. So like again, you and you also have to do the work to find the right one. You have referrals, you have to do interviews, you have to assess, you have to get connections and relationships like. It's no comfortable amount of work you have to do, but once you do it, and you have the right person on your team.
George: you're like, Oh, my gosh! Like
George: like you will save thousands of dollars. This is where, like you talk about anticipatory need, like I would
George: deliberately de-risk and over, ask questions while you have him, because that's like you just have a lawyer experienced startup attorney at your disposal. It's amazing. And also, remember, you're not the 1st ones to do this. There are other startups that are also trying to be scrappy. They've already figured it out for you. So just go go. We're not like the 1st people doing this kind of thing don't commit payroll tax fraud. Make sure to get your 50.
George: Just very basic people make a lot of stupid mistakes.
George: But that being said like, I will say for any of you that start to really take off
George: in whatever way make sure you're aware of the software tax credit.
George: The we're going to talk about this because, like this has been also stressed throughout the course of the past couple of days. What you're doing right now is what you're going to continue to do right? So it's the idea is that you, being more resourceful, is going to be enough.
George: not the resources themselves. Accumulating those resources is a it is glorified in the culture. But the culture is not always right. Sometimes the culture, like strength, like you have to understand that it's like.
George: not necessarily what you want to do. Not not every dollar is created equal. So we kind of talked about this earlier today, you're getting dollars from your Icp, that means that you're making money. You're creating a signal in your business. Does everybody know what Icp is?
George: Yes, it's okay. If you don't, I'm not judging he's an ideal customer profile, which is yeah, it's an acronym, for I don't really care. And tell me about the jobs that they're accomplishing. It's like I, it's the other people will ask for it. What they're actually asking for is like, w. 1 right?
George: But dollars you've received from your investors worth less than a dollar. You gave up so much to get that dollar, and so then you go back to again efficient marketing spend, which is, assume
George: you're not.
George: is worth more than
George: can you go back to the previous one? Yeah, I just, I want this to sit for a second.
George: Let this marinate, he said it earlier. It's right in front of you right now.
George: Do you understand what this means? Yes.
George: you get a dollar from an investor. It feels like, oh, I earned that. No, not really.
George: It just bought you a little bit of time to figure out what's real?
George: A dollar from a customer
George: that's telling you something.
George: So understand the value of the dollar being
George: okay.
George: what are your thoughts on like cloud credits? It's like very easy to spend cloud credits, for like spend time on optimizing cloud. So right now we have a bunch of free
George: from day one. Even the screen credits from day one? Right? So I know that I'm not spending them right now, but I know the rate at which I'm spending them. And I mean again, it's the only responsible thing to do, because that goes away.
George: So all of a sudden, you're going to have to start paying for that because you could spend quite a lot of time like optimizing that cost. Or you could like delay that until you actually spend what happens to your business, when that free money goes away.
George: I just like I had this experience recently. Where, like.
George: it's all yeah, it's all the hook. It's like, yeah, like I, it's not good for you. I was going to use a drug. That's not why I like you can use a drug analogy. You got my permission. You're good myself or 2. Let's go.
George: Sorry I
George: there, it's all it's it's all cash. And we were talking about this this morning. But basically what you're doing right now, like it's a fallacy to that that the dollar that you're spending right now matters less than the dollar that you spend later on, like, just because you feel more desperate, doesn't artificially mean, could have extended in the exact same way right now. Now.
George: that being said that then comes down to a function of your time, and where your time is valuable, right? Like, if you are optimizing everything to see point 0 0 2% improvement over the course of a 1 time hit like your credit, or like your cloud credit spending.
George: Is that worth it? If you're setting up
George: efficient scalability, more work
George: when you say you would build this into your model, you anticipate until what point this these credits are taking you. And then from that moment you basically put it into your future projections. Is that
George: how you did
George: my impression? You tell me if I'm wrong, but my impression is that he's treating it as money that he's spending on that.
George: It's it's money that I'm spending.
George: The only difference is that the cat, like cash flows. Take care of it.
George: Same same thing goes then, for efficient marketing? Right? So if you are, if you are getting more and more customers in, that's going to be a use, a beneficial use of capital. If that effective spend is then going to be iterate at a faster rate for your business. This is where he's going to come over the top and say, Don't lie to yourself. I can't determine whether or not you're going to do that. But, like what I can tell you is that you want to be efficient about bringing people in
George: that hire is gonna waste time, and time is your most valuable resource. It's worth. This is a huge, a tremendous error. This is the biggest expense.
George: This is the biggest mistake that people make. Is they over hire. They hire too early, and they spend too much money. And this is one of the hardest things to undo, especially in California.
George: like they've got a huge network building games for any network problem.
George: And I hired up to 18 people, and then, when I ran out of money, I had, I kept on too long, didn't fire them fast enough, and then one of my disgruntled employees quit and tried to destroy my company on Facebook.
George: And so they wrote a lot of really bad bad things about me. It got into the news, and basically it got canceled
George: all because I was hiring too fast. I wasn't really betting. This person turned out. This person had a history of suing.
George: Oh.
George: companies! And calling them all, you know, couldn't pay their salary, I should have
George: so much, so sorry to interrupt. But just to be clear. Dave has had to overcome a lot, so I have a lot of respect and credit for him, and I'm glad he's here. So much. So what he's referring to. I had to deal with techstart legal to overcome some of the concerns about what he's referring.
George: and we had to navigate it together. So so just so, you know, like th these, this is real. You gotta be like your hires, your early hires.
George: Oh, I can't emphasize enough how important it is for you to be very scrutinus and diligent about who you're bringing into your team.
George: Good news is people have hired before you. So who is really effective book for learning how to bring people on, how to screen them, how to do that with effective cadence.
George: For learning how to fire.
George: it's 3 steps and approach them with prejudice. So you're going to coach them to success. You're going to try to coach them and clarify their current role. If that doesn't end up working out, you can change their current role. Given that, their salary still justifies that if that doesn't work out, let them go. When you say, change the role you're saying, also change the salary to adjust the role change.
George: I just make sure that the role is still like a reasonable role with it. Can you lay those out again? This is something we refer to a lot. When we help you guys post program, you might want to write it down now, 3 steps for fire. So I I learned that in 0 6 when I had my barbershop.
George: Yeah, the 3 things you could say, yeah. You remember, who taught you that? I know who taught you? Yeah, I'm gonna have to stop on every slide.
George: No, no, that was that was your one coach's success change their role, let them go. You never do the 4th thing. What do you think the 4th thing is?
George: Do actually
George: nothing close to that.
George: You don't sit on it. You don't hope it works out. You don't like. All right, let's just see no one of those things has to happen. You're coaching the person to success. If things aren't working out. If things aren't working out, you're like, we gotta change something here. If we don't change something here. Then we got to move on, and you set very clear expectations to do that. Life goes on. You're doing them a disservice by keeping them around
George: deeply correct. Can I just know, can I just add something to that? Is that like like created? Also this foursquare sort of said, are they a value fit? Or are they functionally confident?
George: And what they and what they quickly will argue is, if they're not a value fit, don't change their role. We shouldn't have hired them. In the 1st place. That's right, that's ge. That's nice. But you're a startup, and every hire is going to make or break your business at this entirely right. But if the person's stealing from you, you don't need to sit down.
George: Try to.
George: I really like Number One here because it is like radical accountability on the side of the CEO.
George: So if somebody making a good use of your money, it's up to you. So first, st are you not providing them a level of guidance that would lead them to success. So look at yourself 1st before complaining. All this person doesn't do this. They don't do that. Maybe you're not being clear in your instructions. Maybe you're not setting them up with systems. Once, you know, you've done everything you can. You go to 2 and 3 as quickly as if you're a CEO in the room.
George: and there's someone on your team whether they're here or not.
George: and there's something you want them to do better.
George: And you're like, why aren't they doing this? Or, Oh, I like.
George: ask yourself what you're doing
George: to make that happen always first.st
George: Yeah, write, write everything down.
George: That's the last thing I would say, yeah. So this is like something. I'm sure that they will have one too many stars with but like.
George: write everything down. I I this is also like where Dave, I don't mean to volunteer you, but like this is where, like there's so much value in the experience that's contained in this room, like
George: again
George: to the tree that he is comfortable.
George: dip into his scars to avoid your own. He can save you a lot of time and save you a lot of time. He gets a free session.
George: Nobody's investing more in this company than you are. You give it your mental space, you give your time, which you will never, ever get back. You have to understand that no one is giving up more to do this than you are. And so.
George: if you don't earn it, don't give it a budget. If it's not proving itself out. Don't give it a budget. Now. You can be reasonable with the amount of time that you're willing to experiment right? My company, for example, we relied fully on going viral in order to get people in to pay us. That's a really really good strategy, the cheap building. It's a really bad strategy for product.
George: because you don't get people in consistently enough to learn consistently enough to ship something new. And so all of a sudden it became all right, we need to stand up Facebook ads. Now, we could have paid an agency this, that all this stuff. But we didn't have budget for it. So what we did was we gave Graham, my viral co-founder, like just 6 months to learn launch and iterate on it to get a return on Ad. Spend within 14 days of above 1 point.
George: If you could do that, then we could continuously iterate. These ads will pay for themselves. That's it with contribution margin and we and we can move quickly enough to, you know, start actually making use. I'm gonna spoil something that you all are going to experience. When is Dan's workshop. Liliana. Do you know.
George: I think 3 weeks from now, 3 weeks from now. So 3 weeks from now you're gonna meet my top. CEO, you're gonna meet the company that I have that's worth over 100 million dollars nutrisense. He's gonna give a workshop about how to do like growth marketing.
George: Dan
George: Dan.
George: It's not a marketer.
George: no experience in it whatsoever.
George: Coming out of my program they were, I think, just over 20 K Mrr.
George: He's gonna say, in one of his slides when he presents to you is you shouldn't spend a dime
George: on marketing until you're at least a hundred k. In arr.
George: and he won't just say that to you, and show you how he did that himself by teaching himself to become a marketer
George: and doing what he had to do to grow his business directly through those ad spends and all those techniques. He became a marketer because he just did the research, and he did the work, and he became what he had to become to do it because he couldn't afford couldn't afford 20 k plus Mrr. So 100 km. Error couldn't afford
George: to pay for marketing because he had other things that he was investing money in instead. Graham's got this inherent electricity to him. I did, Dan, I I respect and look up to Dan tremendously apologize for that, but all good. Bro, yeah. But.
George: Graham, my Cmo is inherently like. I mentioned the like, the person who kind of comes off and really works well for this, you guys are gonna meet Dan. It's gonna be the most intense hour. But like this, dude does not fuck around. It's not like this is where we're talking about earlier today, like the core, charismatic silicon Valley. CEO, like this is like he's a consumer
George: tech founder.
George: He's not like going to come off the way that you think that these people would necessarily come off. It's like, Damn, this guy doesn't fuck around at all like military more than anything else. He's also Ukrainian. It's like he's like, yeah. So like he he has that about him. But it didn't make it didn't matter. Like they were able to penetrate through podcasts and through influencer. He did everything he had to do. He was like he did whatever was necessary to make progress. He did not care. Still doesn't. Yeah.
George: so upset.
George: But yeah.
George: alright. So let's run through some tactful ways that startups typically waste money, and then some tactful ways that you can spend your money. Well, the 1st is free pilots is a complete waste of your time. It doesn't give you any signal. In fact, it's gonna distract you. You're gonna start iterating in ways that don't matter or drive value. How you close sales, like all of this is about distribution. Like I mentioned, all of this is ultimately about selling something that helps people make progress past struggling moment. They're currently experiencing.
George: I like, I'm trying to push back there. So your consumer did you ever do
George: away? We did not ever do that. But that's not what I'm talking about here. Because that's a that's a marketing. Yeah, that's different, that. Yeah. What I'm talking about is we have this many. It's just like, what is your primary, Kpi? And how are you driving that for most of us in this room? It's going to be revenue. Tell me how giving your product away for free drive revenue
George: without like in a sentence, got it online and drive traffic.
George: You gotta measure and track that you can't just have a whistle. Oh, well, that's custom way like that's actually like you. You've got it.
George: We are a freemium product. I don't measure based on that it's my primary Kpi. But the funnel is set up such that we'll convert people into
George: just trying to find like branching of this like, what if the product you're selling like locks, the customer like in our case, we're we're doing like an integration. So it takes some time. Maybe we can. give that integration like for free. But then, once they're integrated and like logged in, so they they will need to start paying for that.
George: you know, it can be like a week, a month.
George: You're talking about trials and conversion rates. So then you're gonna have essentially trial starting measure. How much people are starting it. You measure how many people are converting from it? Wait, hold on for Fabio. Are you generalizing that they would all convert? Or you're saying 100, just by nature, of the product they are locked in
George: well, depends on the content. But if we have, like people that you would give that to for free. That would not convert, I would. I would caution, yeah, right? What is the goal?
George: When are they asking me? When are they? Gonna what like, what is the timeline for them? Well, sometimes we are, and I'm very on the same page about the free pilot. But you know we were talking with slope as
George: days ago, and we we have a we have a customer that's this, like really big gaming company. And I was like No. 3 pilots, not over my dead body. But he was like, well, if you aren't able to get a good success story out of this, then if this is gonna attract other companies, and if you're sure that it's gonna attract other companies, then it might be a smart way of doing things
George: hopefully, like me and Daniel have. So it's yeah. He like, I understand that. And that is commonplace. This is not the way I
George: right, if there's right, if there's a clear. And again, this is like the great tech stars thing where it's like, you just build a consideration set and make your own decision with it. But, like for me, if there's not a clear path to getting that person to convert within a structured amount of time which is like within the scope of the business like
George: it's you only have so little time. You gotta start selling. You're juicing the numbers. You're juicing the numbers. That business that looks good doesn't value you because they don't want to pay you.
George: And now then, you're going to start occupying your time. Oh, it'd be great if you had this. Oh, what would make you pay. And it's like all of a sudden, you're doing this. You're building here. You're building here. You're building here. You're gonna wake up and you're way farther. So you're hiring someone to go on a date with you to make you look good, who has no interest in money.
George: song, and dance. Now you're just trying to appease them.
George: We've had so many people who get one free pilot trying to have numbers for Demo Day, and then they spend the whole tech start experience trying to build the things that that one free pilot wants in order to convert. They may or may not convert, but then they're so far off base from what they should have been building. They're wasting time. They're wasting resources. And that person might not even convert. At the end of the day after you do all of the hoops that they want you to do.
George: Customer more powerful than 100 fake customers. That's right. Okay, that's right, and I can't tell you how many founders I talked to.
George: I'm on the due diligence call or the whatever interview, and they're like, oh, yeah, we have these customers. I'm like customers. Are you getting paid? Oh, no, not yet. Wait. What's a customer? Yeah. So let me, what is a customer? Let's bring it into the campaign of the Rip. Right? So like.
George: And then we've got we've got Dominican. If you were to be approached by somebody
George: who had
George: one paid customer. It's
George: this to me, might be equal to 200 pig, 200 free users who actively use the product like it's a like. It's a drug
George: like. Yes, that's good. Right? So it's like, there's a real high engagement metrics. There is something here, sure. Not only does the engagement metric need to be extremely high. The number of people engaging needs to be extremely. Yeah. So you need like so much signal that I would say, Don't waste your money generating that much signal just get more paid off. But this is where the promos come in. The promos come in, because, like daily active users.
George: weekly active users monthly. Sure. What happens when a pro comes in the room like Troy, and they're gonna oh, daily active users. Okay, let's talk about your engagement metrics. Let's pop it up. Show me! Show me your analytics. Let's talk about what? What are they doing on the app? Where do they spend time? What actions are they taking? And all of a sudden you realize
George: that the Emperor has no clothes.
George: You said that, and that sounded good. But what's real, they're not even using your stuff. They're not making any content. They're not making any clicks. They're not actually taking actions. They're not finding value. Somehow, you convince people to show up to your app. Come and and leave.
George: Yeah, but no real value. No outcomes are being produced. Yeah, these are not. Yeah. This is not like that right now.
George: This is like
George: real daily. You guys understand the acronymouth. Okay. Cool, daily, active users, weekly active users, monthly active users dial out
George: the letters.
George: But I'll also hit on Lois, and how that means nothing. Oh, yeah, yeah. So I'll say that quickly, and then we'll do Dominique dumping.
George: No, no, I want to hear your question. But I was just gonna say, I hear Lois all the time I hear from you guys, you guys know what I think. But I'm gonna say it again because it's really important, Lois or bullshit.
George: We're combining them.
George: That's more interesting.
George: But you shouldn't call it an Loi, I'm literally allergic to Lois, and as an analyst.
George: as an analyst at a Vc. Early on and as a partner at a Vc. Later on, as I've been over the years you start using Lois to say you're doing anything, and I am immediately discounting.
George: I'm just letting you know. Right? Say, you have a contract with a commitment. Go back to the scaffolding that you've already set up
George: alright, so no sorry new. We gotta wait. We got 3 questions. And then you how many?
George: It's not a question. Just be very distraction. It's more like, I think we should share what we hear as well. But one of our friends had pretty awesome stuff like not naming any names. It was a significant company that agreed to do like a free trial with her.
George: Okay? And then, eventually, what was happening is they were just doing it. They were copying what they were doing. So basically, the company was like, Oh, yeah, yeah, do this for us, and do this for us, and then do this for us. And as things were, they said, well, we have the resources to do it ourselves happens all the time.
George: That's good. I'm glad you shared that. No, that's really good. They needed to hear that dump capitalism on the way up. Yeah, I really appreciate all the talk about it
George: files and things in there that that's very tempting for us.
George: Yes, how? What about discounts? How do you approach that. What is what does that mean? So we have our financial model. We want to try this much customer like you, we're gonna be 6%
George: perspective. But I'm loose on this, because so long as you make it clear what your value actually is, you set that as an anchor, you can graduate them to the full rate over time. Right? Assuming you demonstrate success, the other version of it that I prefer more. But that's fine. What you just said.
George: The other version is, we're gonna charge you the full value
George: if we don't exceed the value that we're charging, you
George: take your money back. Yeah, because we're not here to not do our government.
George: So we know what we're charging you is worth it.
George: Isn't that a more compelling sales pitch
George: and a company you're selling to should have the money
George: like like, am I worth it? Right? So like this always comes up when it's health related stuff it's like, how much are you willing to invest in yourself?
George: Right like, do I want the the $5 personal trainer? Do I want the $100 personal trainer?
George: What's the difference? Is there a difference?
George: So think about that, or
George: do you want the discount seat belt?
George: Right? What's the the one that's that's on the cheap right?
George: Or do you want a seatbelt? That's gonna save your life when you're in a car parking.
George: That's what I'm saying. So when you're selling to the business, you gotta look at them seriously and go. But how much do you value progress?
George: I'm selling you something that's actually gonna help your business dramatically. So I'm charging you what that's worth.
George: If you don't think I am, then let's talk about how to get your money back, because I didn't do my job is we're doing discounts for underrepresented factors like. So it's kind of a lot of like our social position, and that seems to be resonating well, because it's like, oh, their values aligned with like a discount for specific types of companies.
George: If I'm an underrepresented founder, I don't want to be discounted.
George: Okay, I'm just letting you know, like like I like find another way to respect the fact that they're overlooked or UN, you know, underrepresented, but like
George: don't charge me less because I look different.
George: Well, it's more like we want. We want to specifically work with platforms that have diverse teams. And that's where you're gonna spend your time and energy on who to sell to.
George: but I don't think you should discount yourself. You should value yourself, and they should value you in the same way.
George: Alright! I like that.
George: Thanks.
George: Sorry like, which is, we want to stop taking on more customers or even capacity.
George: So in that situation, we still
George: our point here is that otherwise are easy.
George: and they're lazy and they're not real. You can collect 20 Lois. It doesn't mean shit. Well, it does, because if you have 5 bucks. You can also buy a cup of coffee. That's right. Yeah, yeah. But what I'm saying is, I'd rather have one commitment.
George: one actual commitment.
George: But my point is that, like the same offer investors want to have that funnel to look good like. So investors, you're worried about investors. Worry about yourself.
George: worry about the health of your business, worry about what's real and not what's fake
George: fake is I have all these otherwise investor. Please pay attention to me.
George: What's real is, I have a company that's actually interested in paying me for progress because I'm actually solving their problem.
George: We raise money. Not a single one of them turned to our customers.
George: Yeah, one of the greatest travesties of start weekends and hackathons and stuff like that is all these pitch competition presentations. On Sunday starts on Friday.
George: We have a hundred Lois. It's bullshit.
George: Sure. I was like more considerate about the value we are bringing in, because at our stage, like
George: right now, we are dealing with some Jtvds, and we found our new use case on publishers, which are basically gaming Vcs from your 3 Jcvds. Huh! From your 3 interviews.
George: There are some like strong single signals that we should look to publishers as well from the 3 interviews for 4 interviews. That's directional, but you have to talk to people who made a purchase also like didn't you talk to people
George: the purchasing decision
George: like they had some intense incentives, but not direct decision they could ask for like, we need this, and they can like, let let the decision maker buy that, but not directly they're paying them. So you guys don't have the luxury at present to be the thing that is recommended to be purchased with a 25% chance, 2010% chance of actually being bought.
George: You gotta talk to the people who are in the room who actually end up signing the check every time.
George: Go after those other people.
George: There might be signal so you can talk to the other people and just refine your screening criteria and start like you guys like
George: in particular need to do like
George: 7 or 8 conversations
George: to find signal. Don't even try to cluster right? Like this is why I say, like, yeah, the 3rd step is conducting those interviews. The 4th step is that clustering exercise because you're gonna get ahead of yourself. Naturally, you're gonna want to just
George: do the interviews, then move on to putting it all together. It'll start to come together like it's 1 simple mistake that happens. I guarantee somebody assumes done it. Maybe more than one is. You hear a thing in one interview, you get excited and you implement the things that you have an idea around because you thought it was cool. Yeah, in that sense. Why are we supposed to chew gum and walk at the same time? That's different. I'm talking about conducting research while also making business progress and
George: doing product or doing other things.
George: What I just said I don't know if you heard it clearly is when you hear something in interview
George: before you can like, finish the analysis that we taught you, and you try to incorporate that into your progress before you've actually done the analysis to understand the full context of the needs. If I were in your shoes again, in in that, what we actually did again was we just shipped features that didn't necessarily. We're going to be almost true, no matter what, and drive revenue
George: again. This better payroll, the skill assessment on boarding. Well, what works for us? If I were in your shoes today I make an exhaustive list of things you could do. I create a natural order of work, and then I would execute on those in simultaneous with
George: what you're doing on there.
George: Yeah, like, in in our sense, like a publisher just like approach to us and like, wanted to do a Poc with us.
George: Great. So I think it's like a more
George: kind of proofing way that it's but it might be a good use case.
George: Yeah, and we are not really sure about like.
George: how much value can we bring on that situation? Because we weren't like focusing on that? And like, we have a little little time to assess that, because, like the like, the yeah, the meeting isn't right tomorrow.
George: So that's kind of like, okay. How can I quickly assess my value to that
George: a specific company. So for here's why I do it. You tell me how you do it. Okay.
George: I plug it in my model. And I figure out what will get me excited.
George: That's where I start. Answer to 80% of these questions. Bro, I'm telling you the financial model is the truth.
George: Okay, I had a weekly session with myself where I review my financial model, and I play a game.
George: and the game I play is, what can I do next week?
George: And I would start to dance with the model and the numbers, and I need to plug in a number there that gets me excited. Now, here's the deal. If you are at risk of not delivering on your promise of what you're charging to your customer. Okay.
George: let's give them their money back if we don't deliver, but challenge yourself to charge what you need to to be excited about proving your business out, so that in the future you can continue charging either the same or more to future customers, because you've justified the value you can deliver.
George: but get excited in the model about what you're charging because it's gonna prove to you and your team that you guys are onto something.
George: Does that make sense? Yeah, okay, you basically just answer my question, but it's about paid. Wait list. Is it more about paying your full way up front and waiting for it later, or just the exchange of money
George: in any amount, for, like friction, you want friction. I don't any amount. Is it good enough for me like it needs to be an amount again. That's exciting. Like, I'm I need to go. Okay. Damn if I this keeps happening.
George: This business is gonna be dope. Yes, but if I screw up, or if I don't deliver all good, like fair fair is fair, like I'm I'm saying I'm charging you because I know I'm good for it. Yeah.
George: it's like, decided.
George: consumer app, like, user acquisition has always been like key. At least, that's what I've known at a certain point for us. It's like, okay, people are actually gonna pay for this like, even before this, we need to start running monetization soon to test like, how much you want to buy this product for but for you, how much did you actually get to your premium, too? Right?
George: So for you, for you, how much did you do?
George: Free user acquisition. No paid accounts. To this day. We do not look at our free users
George: is revenue for us. We're referring revenue. It's a crude Mr. Right?
George: What ladders up to that is 5 things cost per trial. So how much it costs to get one of those trials, our trial start rate.
George: notice what I just ignored. The trial conversion rates the retention rate, and then for us is, repeat code.
George: It's a very meaningful metric that ladders on
George: everything needs. There's a magnitude change. Let's
George: did you guys launch monetization? How's it going? How many customers do you have?
George: Oh.
George: what?
George: Okay?
George: You said you're gonna do it 8 weeks ago. Everyone like, by the way, everyone sources here. No, no. But what I'm saying is is, now you got to face a hard truth.
George: right? Because you guys put all this time and energy, we're gonna focus on monetization. We're not gonna do jobs to be done like. And now we don't have any customers.
George: Alright, we'll we'll sidebar. But like, I'm making a point.
George: Okay?
George: Or was it
George: so? Going back to the going back to the pricing, and then how you are. Use your your go to strategy is to look at your financial model, whereas, like, for for our example, we're at the point where we've completely as a company. We've completely detached from what we've built so far, because we've built everything that we've built without talking to people.
George: Now we're we're at a point where, if a customer comes to me and says I need a competitive analysis report of these 5 companies that are my competitor. I'm gonna create a report. If a company comes to me and says I would pay for you to create me a classifier machine learning model. Based off my own data. I'm gonna do that. What's your question?
George: The question is, while I have different products that I can. While I'm this liquid on the product side. How can I make a decision on the pricing based off financial model that covers all of these things because it can't.
George: The only thing I can tell you about your financial model is that it's wrong. But as you start to build, you think, how do you financial model for a product that doesn't exist. You're overthinking it. You're way overthinking it. You have to start
George: with something. It could be nothing. I don't even like I've built multiple businesses. I've never started with any single one of them since I met Troy Hannikoff in 2,006,
George: until I sat there in front of a spreadsheet and modeled out what I thought made sense.
George: I have been very right and very wrong with some of my models and projections. I think you have work to do to overcome the things that are like. You're you're hesitating around as far as like, it's almost like you're canceling what's possible before you start. Yeah. So my company sucked when we entered techstars we entered with this financial
George: it is.
George: You'll see there's a base case. There's a you basically could toy around with that up here. So you do this and model
George: change based on what you're trying to project. We I built it out to 6 cases. But what you had was I I work in the answer. It's not right. So there's a medium. And then there's a confidence, low case scenario. And so that's what this is meant to kind of model out again my company was asked, like, I'm not like saying like, so this isn't to say that you can't do this without that. Neil, this look familiar to you.
George: What do you mean? Does it look familiar to me? I made it up because I made it up myself.
George: Oh.
George: oh, yeah, no, I didn't. There's actually a good online series that you can look into that will help unpack, I know. Seriously, I'm getting into my shit. But like, literally, yeah, this is, this is pulled off of the website of Troy, Hennecal. And when I say, pulled like
George: you have to build it yourself. That is a huge thing about standby. It's definitely extremely important. But like this is literally what the model was,
George: the best course system that you have available coming out of techstars. And going into when we raise this is a model that we raise money on it was effective for us. But we did reach a point where it's like, Okay, this is actually no longer the most useful resource resource for us, the assumption that kind of a little bit you off. It was a little bit rigid, and how it was built, because we didn't really have those paid customers yet, and so like the way that I had to pay to acquire the customers, wasn't.
George: It wasn't flexible, like the measurements weren't flexible to what the actual business Kpis were. And so what happened is great. I had to blow the entire thing up.
George: So as you as you do this. I'm just gonna say, Troy taught me like
George: when you don't know you take a swag, and I was like, what's a swag anyone know what a swag is.
George: I know Liliana knows, and she can't say it.
George: No cheatty wild ass guests.
George: That's what you're doing in the beginning. And that's okay. This is gonna start with something. So the point is like, you just can model out an equation to say whether or not something's gonna work. Tomorrow they do it way more back and back. So you have a bit more time put together, a model that actually validates whether this business can work because I can tell you if you can't put it together. And the thing that you're just gonna be lying yourself in, you're not going to be able to put it together like they just won't reach those heights in real life.
George: At this point the model is everything for me like it's income savings, balance sheets. I have a head flow analysis. I have revenue broken down by where it's coming from. I have a variance analysis. That's month over month. I have this revenue format thing that's really nice, and updates into that sheet that we were talking about yesterday. I have a scenario calculator where I can actively play with things and make the business business. It's like you have different abilities to make things work for yourself.
George: folks. You're a tech stars, right?
George: That's the way, not the races.
George: But I gotta say this. I gotta say this, for Morgan like
George: that should be inherent
George: if you built the model you're like, oh, I'm so glad I've done with the model like a ship with the tech starts. I don't wanna look at it again. I don't want to deal with this.
George: Something's wrong.
George: because this is information that you need to know, to understand your business and to improve it over time, and to predict the future over time. This, in the beginning. It's all wrong, but as you update it weekly, you look at what happened versus
George: what you thought would happen, which is the game I play with myself.
George: I bet I think this is what's gonna happen next week.
George: and I compare what I thought would happen with what happened.
George: And as you go, you tell me if you did this.
George: you start to get more correct
George: with your predictions, and the more correct you get with your predictions. Then you show up to the Vc meeting, and you're like, you think that's area breathing.
George: I know what's going on. I know exactly what's going on with my business, and when I get your money. Here's what's gonna happen next.
George: that confidence and that clarity and showing them that through your model is like dead. It's also just can we just reframe what this is. You're not trying to like. Scheme somebody into raising money. You need to walk into that meeting with a plan for how you're going to spend money.
George: It's like.
George: I I need, like we are raising money to deploy strategically in these areas.
George: right? It's not like the I, you know. Oh, that's an interesting question. Well, I happen to have the answer or not. That's where, like the anticipatory question more than I'm like sitting on this one from yesterday. It's like, I think, that it will always come as a causal result of something. Whether or not you really recognize what the struggling moment is like you don't have to be self aware of the point where, like you're, there's Meta babble happening in your head all the time, but it's like
George: the things are going to happen as a result of needing to happen. So that's what confuses me is we're talking about how
George: up to the point of us being paid. The signal isn't actually a signal. And then we're also we also have to iteratively adjust something based off of signal that we deem invalid.
George: That's why startups are so hard. Bro, yeah, I get it. But at the same time we're trying to get out of that stage as quickly as possible. Yeah, yeah, I get that. I get that. So what are you struggling with? Yeah. You usually usually in math.
George: Random walk with random information is always worse than standing where you are until you receive the information. Because if you do not know the ground that you're covering, then, like you are hindering yourself because your assumption, your assumption at T type, you should teach this. No, no, no, I don't know the way you're talking about the lights.
George: What?
George: What do you say
George: it was just like the the
George: I would just adjust literally your tenor. The the tenor of your delivery like was a little bit
George: It was a little. You lack it, lack confidence. But you're you're entirely right, like, find your signal. You said that. That's how they that's what we leverage jobs for
George: right like there are.
George: Do not just take a massive random stab with absolutely no signal. And this is where, like, I'm talking to you guys now. I? No, no, but there! But there's there's a saying there's a saying I got one. I don't think you ever heard me say this. If you want certainty.
George: Buy a toaster.
George: Okay? Like, like, we're not in this game because it's predictable and easy. In the beginning, I'm very fine with variance. What you're saying is completely different. We're not talking about randomness and variance is completely different. Keep going. Yeah. So so
George: this is context dependent. He's saying, making a wild guess as it relates to like, you haven't made a sale. So what you need to do is have some sort of this is why I wrote Case 1, 2, and 3 in that initial model in particular. But you need to be able to say, like
George: base case. I think we could charge this much, and there these are the number of customers that exist that like. Listen, we've been talking to people. It took us month and a half to get in touch with 3 like this is how much we could close going down this path. Say that we were to iron some stuff out. We could close this much. Say that things are getting just getting way harder. We close, much less just like, look at whether or not the location works rather than doing in your head, always saying is, Write down the ship that you already have in your head
George: right? And so like th. This isn't to say that like you will have all the signal that you possibly could have
George: in this situation. But, like you do, have to get started. You got to do it. Start all I'm trying to say is, get out of your own head. Stop thinking and start selling right, and if you haven't sold, it's not real, and and this is a hedge against like, hey, what their role is. But these guys are approaching us, and we think that that might be a good opportunity it could be, it could be a massive distraction, so I would just it could be a massive distraction. It could be a brilliant moment.
George: Your business, where you gain insight into something that you never thought you would go in the direction of. I would do the work now, if you really can, to think about it. Just so you don't walk in tomorrow's why like, for that reason this excitement bit was like it resonates very well with me, contrary to the other stuff, because if it excites us
George: financially, then it should be like, if we're getting a note to suffer no to a price where we're getting we're getting excitement from. Then we can work on how to get to a point where that number that excites us is a reality that's valuable enough. You got to get your value up to that point where your model works.
George: and then that just it doesn't just work. It works in the way you want it to work over time.
George: Okay, Dominique.
George: I thought you had a head back there.
George: Sorry. I just want to put it in terms. Like, I know it's a little grainy, but like, if you think of gradient descent, yes, like, you need an initial point, and that's like it's random on the map, speaking my language. So like, I think what you're trying to say is like, if you have the pattern which is the gradient descent algorithm, you are going to steer towards your goal and like reaching it asympathy. But the the actual point you start from
George: you can't really predict what is the best place to start from. So what is saying? The swag? I start with a random point on the map, and then, if you have the right pattern, you'll just steer yourself towards the right conclusions, like in multiple iterations. That's exactly what a gradient descent is. So this is the second time that a gradient descent has come up. We should definitely.
George: So so these are bad ways to spend money. We just spent one on free pilots. Another is going to be on digital ad spend that is optimized to take all your money from you, or like whatever you have. It's a casino. If you think they're good at getting you to watch reels. They're even better at getting your money from you. And so it's going to return the exact maximum, the exact minimum that they can return to you while tricking your brain into wanting to spend more.
George: That's what the algorithm is trained on. It's not trained to take all your money right away like a little Robert and run away, because then you wouldn't spend even more money.
George: And so that's a important thing. We talked about this earlier today. When it comes to awareness assuming you're completely unknown. And you have no brand until 40% of the entire market knows exactly who you are or you know.
George: Okay, yeah, definitely.
George: Yes. So that that came from somebody that I met down in Chattanooga who has worked with yeah, the liquid death, the Sasquatch Deodorant. It was just like.
George: Hi! Monica.
George: assume that you are completely in there.
George: Build.
George: for
George: let's you're you're going to be completely unknown.
George: Nobody is going to buy a whole system.
George: Sorry seascape. Yeah, this is where
George: mixing up. But no, nobody's going to partner with seascape, because it's like, Oh, shit seascape.
George: And that's gonna remain true for a really, really, really long time. So this is like where the job language becomes extremely important because people don't care about you, not the sandwich. And so it's like, how how can you get somebody to read what you're doing and have them hire you?
George: That's like, do you remember the Natha Sandwich?
George: You're not the sandwich, you're the mustard. Yeah, this is like, this is, this is where like, if you want, like, the secret handshake of like this type of. It's a completely nonsense saying that means absolutely nothing unless you're initiative. Well, I did show them when I did jobs in the 1st 2 weeks. The bridge
George: right? You're the bridge that they're walking across to get to where they want to go. You're not the you're not the main event. But again, like this is
George: that is even assume like that's in a
George: that is jobs in a lab
George: which is helpful when you're first.st But yeah, as you, as you then now are coming to market, and you realize that you need to sell.
George: It's like
George: they're the bridge that they're walking over over a very small portion of their commute now. They wouldn't be able to make the commute if they didn't have the tiny bridge that they need to step over, because there's a lot of water down there, you're still essential to their progress. You're essential to progress. But like, there's a bigger story at play here. And so you need to really, really be able to be one talkative and
George: effective communicating bridge like, it's like, you need to be able to speak to these people, because, if not. Nobody knows who you are, and they won't know who you are. It's like we were like walking in the room and the social all this stuff, but, like the reality is, we have a really really small social
George: when in the late 17, th you know, like it's embedded. But you've seen like kind of these creators scale up. And even these huge creators, small social, so like this is just kind of what I'm trying to do
George: is
George: speaks to the struggle. Which will not happen just by putting money behind a message. Oh, sees it. I saw that 3 times in the past.
George: Expensive outsourcing huge. No huge trap. We've hired 0 agencies today. Haven't done it doesn't make sense.
George: gotta figure out how you we got a lot of outsource step shops, too. Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
George: So to the degree that you can fix on time
George: you gotta make sure that you're moving. You gotta make sure that you're learning. And you gotta make sure that your relationship with these people is such that you can actually get the job done that you need to get done. But what's the difference between outsource dev and in house
George: like the literal difference?
George: One of them cares
George: like one of them has bought it.
George: It's now the outsourced ones will make you think they do.
George: Yeah, yeah, we can do that. Yeah, we're with you. Yeah.
George: They'll take 3 times as long charge you 3 times as more. They they don't care. They'll it'll have bugs because their hearts aren't in it.
George: And and Vcs like that's already like you're dead on arrival.
George: It's not even a conversation.
George: No in-house tech. Okay?
George: Yeah. Coach membership. Yeah. I lied. Yeah. So we have hired. We're asking the damn thing. We have hired one agency. We hired Cpa to do a R. And D tax credit review for us.
George: because because they make money when you save money.
George: Yup. And then they paid us that. Yes, they make money when you save money it's a good deal.
George: and they can quantify it for you. Yeah, big fan of that they got you back. 19. Yeah, that's how it works. And they charge you 17. That's how it works. Yes.
George: that's been around for a long time. It's really good. Any. No, it's it's already.
George: What company did you use for that? I tried that with Mission. I forgot what they were called like Main Street, I think they were called, and it turned out to be a little scammy, so I think there are ones out there that are. Yes, there's good ones, and there's not good ones. Yeah. So which one did you work with our accountant?
George: Oh, so. So I pay an account. At this point we had to transition to approval accrued revenue. And I need to make sure now that you know again like this is this was a change that was associated with the round where I can't commit fraud. So it's like, I don't. Yeah. Yeah. So I need to do that in account. I I pay an account to do a job that I cannot do which is accurately produce
George: income savings tax sorry cash flow a balance sheet month over month, which then I sync with
George: the model founders. Cpa, they're based out of Chicago. They're constantly at capacity. So I would like, Yeah, yeah. But there's nothing you got the network to figure out who's good. Yeah, he was a professor. Yeah, yeah, they're they're great. They're like constantly.
George: yeah, they're great because they're great. She's a Cpa.
George: yeah, don't overspend on engineering hires.
George: You like this is, we kind of already hit on this
George: right? You're you're accountable to your own decision making so you can't make a black ox hiring hope that works out. We already talked about, who, as a book to kind of fit who these people are before you bring them on your team. But like, it's just making sure that you're not
George: just like randomly deploying money in that way. You have to set strict deadlines, and you have to abide by that we were talking about earlier. This recorded.
George: this is recorded. You want to pause. It
George: is that easy pause at the top
George: top top, right? Oh, yeah. So he got it right there.
George: I don't find anybody in California.
George: Oh, redundancies! No, it's that will.
George: Oh, okay.
George: there's nuance there, because, like, if they can prove that they worked overtime, you owe them money. There's like some some tricky stuff. So you should look up the logs depending on where you're pointing people and stuff. But yeah, there's some nuance.
George: 2 extremely important number one is contract to hire to make sure that so bring them on, and then make sure that they earn a full time. Spot on the team. Make it clear what the expectations are going to be. Make it clear that they meet those expectations. There is no question. But do you understand what this means? Try before you try before you buy. So you put a project together and you have them do the project you pay them. We do this. Pay them to do the project.
George: No, but like you pay them to do a job. And and and if you're at a level where you have the resources, none of you are.
George: You have multiple candidates, your top 2, your top 3.
George: Pay them. All do the same job. This is, it is. And then you go. Okay, who's got like, who like, who makes the most sense out of that work? Yeah, so actually, that's like a pressure point, because it creates
George: it creates a parallel right like, where it's like that is that is. Now, would you ever go home for Thanksgiving and be like Mom? I got a job, and I'm working 80 HA week on that job, and I am crushing. And she goes. That's great, honey. What's your salary? And you say, 0. But it will go up eventually or like. I will hire. I work at 8 places, and I'm making a killing.
George: but that I contribute. I'm giving them value. It's like that's not. It doesn't exist right? So like, think about that the same way you wouldn't
George: give your product away in a way that is, for free. They, if they need to try it totally reasonable, similar to what you're talking about with the employee here, and it's also reasonable to them where they can try this out and make sure that it actually makes sense. Make sure that projects reasoning, reasoning to bring somebody on really good reasoning to bring somebody on. I'm going to use the zest example, but it is essentially bring on
George: quantifiable tenants hires. This is what we were talking about. You know, this was said to be during techstars by Dan at Chicago Retreat.
George: Do you remember that? Which day, Dan? From Nutristand at the Retreat? Oh, yeah, no, no. There was the workshop thing where we was like this, 10 x hire this 10 x hire, and it like always kind of bothered me like what the 10 x hire actually means because it felt like it was like jargon music.
George: It is they have 10 x developer. They have 10 x developer. But there's actually quantify that it is, we try doing something. We know exactly what our throughput is in that thing, and when they come on they get 10 x our throughput.
George: It's not that hard? So like we're trying to think about again, like, how do we enlist an army of micro influencers who can then speak to zest? We have this whole playbook. We have everything that we've already worked out. We've already essentially done the work to figure out the kings. Graham has now tried his best iteratively to develop a process on how many people he needs to reach out to to get responses. We went over this all yesterday, right? At the end of the day. He knows in a certain amount of time he had a certain number of
George: responses. We need somebody who can get 10 x the number of responses that he can get. Then it sounds like it's worth it. And there's actually a way to quantify that even more effectively where it's like, oh, these people drive this much value when it comes to adoption. And so we're going to have to pay those creators. We're also going to have to pay this person all of a sudden. It's a math problem that goes in the bottle.
George: Alright, let's keep going. Yeah, you gotta finish. You got 8 min.
George: Yeah. Don't buy office crap. Don't buy techstar swag. Techstar is awesome. But like, don't buy their swag tables, nice water machines, all that stuff. Yeah, yeah, this is. This is how zest functions. Some of us, we're distributed. We're distributed team. So even as it relates to office space. What we do don't commit payroll tax fraud. That's another good rule of thumb. But
George: with office space. We will just basically be like, Hey, we will save on payroll tax and you will save on payroll tax if we pay for your office space that said, that's gonna come out of your overall salary. So if you are, whatever like. If the we work cost a thousand dollars a month, then all of a sudden
George: we will pay that a thousand dollars a month. You technically make more money because you're not gonna end up paying that difference in taxes that you would have to pay to spend that $1,000 a month to work in that office that you want. So like, we kind of work together to make that work. That's the only exception that I've been able to think of. Yeah, don't do that. Don't have dead weight on your cap table or your payroll.
George: don't give. Don't give advisor shares unless they're pulling their weight. We already talked about firing fast. The top one we've talked about. I've given them a lot of
George: what what do you mean? Adding value, adding, adding, quali- qualified value.
George: We usually say, no. We've talked about this a lot. We can revisit this later. If you have more questions. Yeah, well, okay, yeah, let's talk a lot about it. This is where, like Andrew from Bloomfilter, which Eric was here on Monday, we were like, we have great content when we were on the gear up to Demo Day, and Andrew from bloomfilter like. That's bullshit. The Nfl. Has great content. You do not have great content, like if, if, like. You're talking about again like no advisor shares. But
George: the CEO of Merck comes to you and is like
George: I want to be on your board. Give me point 2% of your company. And what I will do is X, like.
George: yeah, that sounds like there's actual value there, but it's the CEO of Merck. It's not like this person worked at Merck for 4 years before transitioning to this before they were there, and here, and they in a room, they will collect no way. Correction, correction. CEO of Merck can afford to invest. Yeah, I'm with that. Do you value your business or not.
George: Is it worth it or not? Let's get real. It's not giving away equity. It's crazy.
George: Alright, alright! We'll distribute that. But it's important to ask yourself. Which of these are you currently spending your money on that? You should not be spending money?
George: You've got a gut feeling about what those things are right now. There's things all of you are spending money on right now that you don't need to be.
George: and it's up to you to figure out what that is. We're we're not gonna babysit, you. We're not gonna hand hold you. We're not gonna like.
George: you know, oversee and check in and pull up your phone like, pull up your bank account. Let me look at your trans. I'm not gonna do that. I don't got time for that.
George: You have to be responsible enough to hold yourself accountable and look in the mirror and face the music of what you're doing and what you're not doing and what you need to do.
George: Okay.
George: Now for the positive nice, there's positive, yeah, you're positive. Yeah, I love also. No, you don't. You're tired of positive. Here are some ways that you should be able to call you every morning and hate on you.
George: That's what he needs. Yeah, yeah. Content in delivering, creating content that creates value for your customers do it in a way that's going to again drive and attract people convincingly. This does not need an agency to design your deck
George: that violates go like, if it doesn't violate the top 6, then it can come down here and actually live here that we create good content like, we'll make stuff online design. Get a get a polished Ui website. Don't have a website where your socials don't work.
George: I forget people in the room. You got to click all your links on your website. Yeah, we can hit on that. So, customer success, this is what we've already been talking about. Hey? Know your customer. It just is like obvious or it should sound obvious, like.
George: what else are you doing? Has your product paid for itself? And if not, you need to invest in the next next stage to be able to get there. So, oh, given what we are currently aware of with our the status of our project or product. Sorry it makes sense. To deploy 6 weeks worth of resources to solving this problem.
George: We have an appetite for it. We're willing to bet on it. Season leadership. Best hire I've ever made is my CTO opportunity, like I mentioned, 10 years older than me has a exit under his belt. Was a product leader at Abercrombie, at Lexisnexis.
George: but yeah, like I mentioned in the past this dude fucking monster like. So it's just one of those things where
George: get those people in? Don't ignore if that's your referral presents itself.
George: You want to do the job. Running with this arm was my co-founder's landlord's roommate's boyfriend.
George: How'd you hear about it?
George: Yeah, do you? So this is a it's hard to find technical. I don't know if you guys feel that way?
George: guess where on the list my co-foundered landlord's roommate's boyfriend was in terms of the people I'd expected to talk to, and finding technical. It wasn't the 1st guess. Yeah, it wasn't the 1st guess. So it's like
George: finding people. I was on the phone with everyone. I knew. That was technical who I thought to fit the bill for what we were working on. I ended up with 3 to 5 people who could ultimately do what we needed to do and I hired on everything time. This I was still full time at Deloitte. We can talk about this later, but I I was still full time at Deloitte. I gave myself 3 months be able to stay alive for a year, and that path forward. It's going to decide. We want to go full time. Our CEO quit immediately to work at Google. So it was one of these like
George: situations. This is where you should spend your money customer, specific expertise?
George: So again, can I hide like, what do you think about hiring an investor? What hiring an investor into the company?
George: But there's a lot more there that we probably need to get into later to understand your situation. Yeah. So again, with email deliverability or sorry with customers, specific expertise like again, like we use customer I/O is what I was talking about. This is a platform that helps us
George: future facing as well these sales pods. So if you understand again what it takes for you to start closing sales. It probably makes sense to plug in more people who can close more sales at an ever increasing rate.
George: this is, that's what that's describing. But
George: it has to be that they're able to do the process better than you would ever be able to do the process. And the common element in this spending is that it will close you more cash. You need to essentially feel uncomfortable
George: with overspending. Again, assuming that your cognitive dissonance will be more strong. This is not to say that you should ruminate all the time not make progress on the business, but you should always understand where you're overspending and understand all that. There's 1 exception. Can you go back to the one where they're up like the one you said is what they're doing. More making more money. No, no like they. They want up you or something. Yeah, yeah, there's 1 exception here.
George: Anyone guess what their exception is.
George: Sales 100%. George. Thank you. So sales is the exception.
George: So as a CEO, you should be the best salesperson.
George: But when you hire a sales team.
George: 80% is what you want, you don't want.
George: because you need to have it repeatable enough so that you can hire more sales.
George: And it's unlikely that you're gonna be able to build and scale a business off of 100% or better than the CEO. The CEO should be the best salesperson on the team
George: understood.
George: I say, that through putting capacity there.
George: yep. So this is again
George: be ruthless when it comes to cutting the spend. That doesn't matter. Be aggressive at increasing the spend. That does matter. And you're going to start to create actual value.
George: we had a conversation about Kpis.
George: We have things to talk about, but we're gonna we need to wrap up so we can cover remaining things in the founder story. Yeah, I mean most of the question. Morgan's question, I know. But we're out of time. Okay? So we got close, or you can address it specifically to her. Yeah, yeah, we can chat. Now, I want Morgan. I want everyone to hear Morgan's question, though.
George: okay, I may need to leave
George: that to help with that. But cool.
George: yeah, you only have a minute. This would normally be interactive. But
George: what are you gonna change? I would say, like, have a conversation with your team about this like this is again, this is the point to slow down. Make sure that you're evaluating what you're up to. I have a better idea. So never done this before. But someone on our team, Juliana.
George: start a message thread where people actually answer this question. Yeah. So everybody has a conversation about it asynchronously base camp. And then we can all see everybody's like on what they can change. They could do next week.
George: Okay, yeah, Morgan, what was your question? We have 2 min.
George: No, no, we don't have time for it. No, I I heard it this morning, Morgan. We'll do it during the kick off the founder story. Okay?
George: I think we have tacos for dinner tonight. Right? Thanks, Chloe.
George: Okay, so last thing before we wrap up so we do have the founder story tonight with Jake, his 5th and final session. But he's never done this before. This is all brand new for him and for me.
George: How did he do? What a chat? Yeah, what a
George: anything that we as techstar San Francisco can do to support you and zest and beyond
George: me. Yes.
George: you download this right now. That's right. If if you're cooking, hey? Business, so do download zest progress through onboarding.
George: I'm not I I don't need. I don't need people buying, but do download this progression on boarding. Click around. Leave us 5 star review on the app store
George: that makes it worth our time. If you do end up making meals with us. If you do end up engaging with us, let me know what your experience is like. I mean, you're going to get my my information particularly if you end up. I love you. If you make meals and don't end up paying. But we can talk about other stuff. I would like to talk about recipes with you. That's what I'm talking about. We can get into it. You got 36 bucks
George: to spend on a meal soon. I think the most important thing for me is like you mentioned. Seriously, this is my 1st time doing it. Is there any way that I could have provided more value?
George: Is there anything? He's posing the question now broadly. But I just gotta say it's 4 o'clock. We respect people's time you got things to do. Got? When is dinner? 5, 35, 30. So you got 90 min.
George: 4th floor, 90 min. We'll see you in 90 min. Up there. We'll close out with the founder story. We'll close out the week a long week. A lot of things, a lot of people y'all trying to hang out and party later tonight.
George: let me know. But outside of that, like, go do some work. We'll hang out for an encore and answer a few more questions. Okay, thank you.